coming to get you Barbara the only
person you can either be in the town of
Greendale where it always feels like
Halloween there lived a girl who is half
witch half mortal who on her 16th
birthday would have to choose between
two worlds the witch world of her family
and the human world of her friends and
that girl is me
are you going to follow
I can't you must
that's not alone Oh Sabrina you're going
to die half-breed
girls girls let's not be catty [ __ ]
no rebels poem it's our lack knowledge
Asst
[Music]
I'm not an evil person
but these are desperate times
[Music]
my name is Sabrina Spellman and I will
not sign it away
would you like to do the honors with
pleasure rise
[Music]
was on Hilda she annoyed me so I killed
her we buried her in the yard
[Music]
you